# Twitter-Sentiment-Analysis-and-Bitcoin-Stock-Prediction
Three of the most popular stock analysis methods are technical, fundamental, and sentimental analysis. Perhaps Machine Learning can be used to remove the human element from these methods of analysis. For fundamental analysis, classification models were used to determine if a stock would be a Buy, Sell, or Hold. For technical analysis, time series models were used to forecast the general direction of the stock price. Predicting the future is no easy task. Many have tried and many have failed. But many of us would want to know what will happen next and would go to great lengths to figure that out. Imagine the possibilities of knowing what will happen in the future! Imagine what you would have done back in 2012 when Bitcoin was less than $15 knowing that it would surpass $18,000! Many people may regret not buying Bitcoin back then but how were they supposed to know in the first place? This is the dilemma we now face in regards to Cryptocurrency. We do not want to miss out on the next jump in price but we do not know when that will or will not happen. So how can we potentially solve this dilemma? Maybe machine learning can tell us the answer. Machine learning models can likely give us the insight we need to learn about the future of Cryptocurrency. It will not tell us the future but it might tell us the general trend and direction to expect the prices to move. Let’s try and use these machine learning models to our advantage and predict the future of Bitcoin by coding them out in Python!
